# coromisin-2
Who is the one to understand the misery of the realm? Education is the word of wisdom ( Holy Bible) which is also seen as the only legacy you can give to your child to overcome the challenges of live. Education is also a word of wisdom given by Great Educationalist (God) to instruct and correct our way In this prevented world. He said it in His word, Instead this is the covenant I will make with the house of Israel " I will put my teaching within them and write it on their hearts". With thisthat is why Education is seen as a tool that provides solution to any problems that can showcase as a result of human activities ( Sin ) or naturally ( disease, disaster and plauge). This make Education (word of wisdom) to remain a "Core"(Top) to nationalstability, security , medical challenges and also an instrument for political ( Government) economic growth and development ( Wealth) When other profession fails, Education (word of wisdom ) will continue to take a lead in all experiences that an individual is exposed to, which bring about positive improvement on skills, attitude and knowledge that can improve the environment in which we live ( Earth).This prone to research carryout by Microbiologist, Medical student and Educationalist. { This lay emphasis on trinity, Microbiologist (Holy Spirit ) Medical student (Jesus Christ) in which their existence rely on Great Educationalist (God)}. Jesus replied to them " The health don't need a doctor but the sick do. I have not come to call the righteous but sinnerto repentance" Luke 5 vs 31. In which we arrive at Antidote that have the higher tendency of curing Coronavirus ( disease) name " Annonia Muricata" { Naturally create by God which comprises all chemical components that researchers cannot give amount of chemical comprises}. Exodus 15 vs 5 says, so he cried out to the Lord and the Lord showed him a tree when he threw it into the water it become drinkable . Am drawing my conclusion by saying " He makes the earth by His power and established the world by His wisdom and spread out the heavens by His understanding, when He thunders, the waters in the heavens are turmoil and He cause the clouds to rise from the ends of the earth. He makes lightning for the rain and brings the wind from Hisstorehouses.•Yahwel of Host is His name. Hint: The tree " Annonia Muticata " also know as Shawacoup tree, According to researchers thistree can be find in some countries such Brazil, Florida, (Africa) Nigeria and Island. Annonia Muricata ( Shawacoup tree) has been used for centuries to treat illnesses such as cancer, diabetes, hypertension, hypotension, respiratory difficulties and it's also used to boost immune system, etc. According to Pharmacology, By mere looking at the fruits, it tells us the work it does. For example tomatoes is good for the heart by mere looking, it take the picture of heart. Carrots is good for the eye when you cut it into two and look inside it take a picture of an eye. Let take a look at the structure which looks like kidney and the outer layer of Shawacoup fruit and take a picture of the virus they look alike, what can fight a virus the solution must look alike as well.
